ECO-8923: Create a contribution guide and add issue templates (#162)
fullstorydev/fullstory-babel-plugin-annotate-react: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**

> Steps to reproduce the behavior. Please include any code snippet or a link to your project repository that experience the issue so we could better understand the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps to reproduce the behavior. Please include any code snippets or a link to your project repository that demonstrates the issue.
```

Author: fixed 👍

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Actual behavior**
A clear and concise description of what actually happened.

**Node env (please complete the following information):**
 - fullstory-babel-plugin-annotate-react [Package version](https://github.com/fullstorydev/fullstory-babel-plugin-annotate-react/tags) [e.g. `v.2.3.0`]
 - Dev OS: [e.g. MacOS]
 - Node version (`node -v`) [e.g. `v18.4.0`]
 - NPM version (`npm -v`) [e.g. `8.12.1`]

> **Additional comment**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Additional comments**
```

Author: fixed 👍

> Add any other comment about the issue, or the reason and use case for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add any other comments about the issue.
```

Author: fixed 👍

Author: can you see it now? Idk if github was bugging out there. 🤔
